1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?

I wanted to use a tool that I was familiar with and can work on a smaller scale since this is a smaller project.
I chose to use Node.js and Express because I have used those tools to work with REST APIs in the past and knew I could
get a working project together. I like how straight forward using Express is to set up an API and route it to a server.
To keep track of the information going in and out of the API, I used better-sqlite3 because I found the methods were more
straightforward than sqlite, and the documentation was easier to interpret. To make the tests, I used Japa because I thought
the syntax was straight forward, and works for a light-load project like this one.

2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?

The big advantage is being able to run this API on your own machine, as well as the tests that come with the program to make sure
that any changes I made did not mess up the program. Additionally, the better-sqlite3 allowed for fast, light weight use of SQL within
the javascript without having to allocate a ton of storage to make this program run.

The main disadvantage to my code is the lack of scalability of the SQL database. Though better-sqlite3 is faster than sqlite, how the database
is set up (being stored in one file) brings a lot of downsides for larger use. On the same note of the SQL, when running the tests, you must manually
purge the rows yourself. The reason why I didn't put a purge method within my code was I didn't want to give anyone the ability to remove all
rows in a database. Even if this is a small code challenge, it seems silly to allow anyone the power to wip a database table clean.

3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?

My favorite personal project so far is my Canvas-Notion Integration that I created and designed myself! Though the coding and seeing my work
come together was really fun and worthwile, the most rewarding part was seeing other people use my code to improve their life! I got to present
my intergration at a Webinar hosted by Notion x Figma x The Browser Company to over 600 people, and share how I used code to make my life easier.
Hearing from strangers on the internet thanking me for my work, really makes every challenge I overcame entirely worth it :)